OSDOCS-9426: add supported CNIs multus MicroShift (#74823)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-multus-bridge-object.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc
// * microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift_cni_multus.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-multus-bridge-object_{context}"]
= Configuration for a bridge additional network

The following object describes the configuration parameters for the Bridge CNI plugin:

.Bridge CNI plugin JSON configuration object
[cols=".^2,.^2,.^6",options="header"]
|====
|Field|Type|Description

ifndef::microshift[]
|`cniVersion`
|`string`
|The CNI specification version. The `0.3.1` value is required.

|`name`
|`string`
|The value for the `name` parameter you provided previously for the CNO configuration.
endif::microshift[]

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to use the ifdefs for `cniVersion`? It looks the same to me in both versions.

|`string`

> |The CNI specification version. The `0.3.1` value is required.

Reviewer 2: 0.3.1 is "required" or the minimum? In the example below "0.4.0" is used.

Author: This is from the OCP docs directly. @pmtk Do you know the answer to this one?

Reviewer 3: I'd use 0.4.0

Author: I see, our example object config doesn't match the original table. I updated the table row for MicroShift to be consistent with our example, which is `0.4.0`. I suspect the OCP doc simply hasn't been updated in a long time. @s1061123 I can move the OCP examples up to `0.4.0` if you think warranted; otherwise I will leave those.

|Optional: Enables mac spoof check, limiting the traffic originating from the container to the mac address of the interface. The default value is `false`.
|====

ifndef::microshift[]
[NOTE]
====
The VLAN parameter configures the VLAN tag on the host end of the `veth` and also enables the `vlan_filtering` feature on the bridge interface.
====

[NOTE]
====

> To configure uplink for an L2 network, you must allow the VLAN on the uplink interface by using the following command:

Reviewer 4: @pmtk Is this a true statement? I haven't configure bridge VLAN for my testing yet. VLAN is one type of bridge configuration, but is not MUST action.

Author: @weliang1 That text does not appear in the MicroShift doc, see https://74823--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/microshift/latest/microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift-cni-multus.html#microshift-nw-multus-bridge-config-example_microshift-cni-multus. It is right above the Bridge CNI plugin configuration example in the OCP docs. I simply updated that portion for docs style, but it will only be in the OCP docs.

Reviewer 4: Check the vlan from _Table 2. Bridge CNI plugin JSON configuration object_ in above [OCP docs](https://74823--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.html#nw-multus-bridge-config-example_configuring-additional-network)
it is said: `Optional: Specify a virtual LAN (VLAN) tag as an integer value. By default, no VLAN tag is assigned`.

Author: @weliang1 I did not change the meaning of anything, so this is really out of scope of the PR. I'll see if I can find an answer, though. Everything MicroShift looks OK here?

Reviewer 4: @ShaunaDiaz  I got the point now, the MUST word is for configuring uplink for an L2 network only.
/lgtm now

Author: @s1061123 or @pliurh Do either of you know the answer to this potential discrepancy in the OCP docs regarding bridge + VLAN configuration?

|Optional: Enables mac spoof check, limiting the traffic originating from the container to the mac address of the interface. The default value is `false`.
|====

ifndef::microshift[]
[NOTE]
====
The VLAN parameter configures the VLAN tag on the host end of the `veth` and also enables the `vlan_filtering` feature on the bridge interface.
====

[NOTE]
====

> To configure uplink for an L2 network, you must allow the VLAN on the uplink interface by using the following command:

Reviewer: This might also be beyond the scope of this PR. But, is there a better word to use than _allow_? I keep asking you must allow the VLAN to do what? 
```suggestion
To configure uplink for an L2 network, you must add the VLAN to the uplink interface by using the following command:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure an uplink for an L2 network, you must allow the VLAN on the uplink interface by using the following command:
```

Author: "Allow" is standard for networking, yeah. You "enable" connections, and "allow" the network traffic.

    }
}
----
endif::microshift[]

ifdef::microshift[]
[id="microshift-nw-multus-bridge-config-example_{context}"]
== Bridge CNI plugin configuration example

> The following example configures an additional network named `bridge-conf` for attachment to the {microshift-short} Multus CNI:

Reviewer: Might be my ignorance, but _for attachment to_ isn't clear. 
```suggestion
The following example configures an additional network named `bridge-conf` that can be attached to the {microshift-short} Multus CNI:
```

```suggestion
The following example configures an additional network named `bridge-conf` and attaches it to the {microshift-short} Multus CNI:
```
